---
layout: post
title: Week 9 - 3/26/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was a lot of working on the IDB project with my group members. I completely checked out over Spring break and didn't check slack for around ten days. A lot of work had been done on the project while I was away, but there was still plenty to do. My responsibility for this first part of the project was setting up the website hosting, continuous integration with travis, and the makefile. We decided to use the Google Cloud Platform and it took a frustrating amount of time to get out site hosted, but now I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on how it works. So far the project has been fun and I'm looking forward to working with my group more. One of the weird things that happened was that we had a bonus test question given for my wireless networks class. We ended the lecture thirty minutes early on Thursday in order to have time to work on the bonus problem. The test already had a bonus question on it... but I guess she still thought people did too poorly?

### What's in your way?
I have to do my taxes this week and I have to make a bunch of decisions about my travel plans for the summer.

### What will you do next week?
I'm giving a talk about Docker on Tuesday from 6:30-8 PM in GDC 4.302. I have never done anything like this before but I think it's going to be a lot of fun. The talk is sponsored by Major League Hacking through their new program, Localhost.

### What's my experience of the class?
I'm enjoying learning about the implementation of these various database functions. It's cool to see it done multiple different ways with one of them being the most "pythonic".

### Pick-of-the-week
As I have learned more about [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) these past few weeks in preparation for the talk I'm doing, I have really begun to appreciate the service this software provides. I work on two different computers on a daily basis, one of them running windows and the other being osx, and one of the main motivations for this is certain dev related things being easier on one of the other. Docker helps eliminate a lot of those problems by providing a platform that is accessible on both computers with consistent behavior.
