---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - 2/26/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was nice. I didn't have to much to do and got everything 
that I did have to do done in a timely manner. The hardest thing was 
my intro to security project, but in an unexpected and also unsurprising 
way. I spent probably three quarters of my time for this project reading 
java documentation on how to read and write bytes and then breaking up 
that byte into bits in order to "communicate" over a covert channel. 
I didn't think it was a good project. I also spent a good amount of time 
trying to prepare for the SWE quizzes and upcoming test. The quizzes were 
depressing this week because I struggled with recongnizing some of the 
behavior that generators exhibit.

### What's in your way?
I have a SWE test this week and a wireshark wireless networks homework 
due on Saturday.

### What will you do next week?
I will be spending most of my free time preparing for the SWE test. It 
is such a relief to get a good grade on the first test since it's easier 
to do well on the projects and the test are sucha a large portion of 
our grade. I would like to try and be the savior/god/kind student that 
post the front and back cheat sheet for everyone to use. 

### What's my experience of the class?
This week was fun because generators and yield both seem to be new 
programming topics that I haven't encountered in my limited computer 
science education. However, I had my worst week in terms of quiz grades 
which kind of sours the experience for me. Studying for the quizzes and 
still messing it up is tormenting.

### Pick-of-the-week
The Department of Defense announced [Code.mil](https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/1092364/)dod-announces-the-launch-of-codemil-an-experiment-in-open-source] 
on Friday. The DoD will be 
uploading a wide range of projects on to github for people to look at, 
comment on, and use in their own projects! Oh the recruiting 
possiblities!
