---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - 1/22/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I finished helping my mom organize all of her things
in preperation for her moving to Bangkok, Thailand, where my dad 
already is along, with their dog and cat. After dropping her off Bush
Intercontinental in Houston, I drove to Austin to start my final semester (late). Most of my time was spent organizing my life and cleaning my 
apartment.

### What's in your way?
Two crucial things that I need to accomplish as soon as possible are 
taking the supplementary Texas Government test. In order to claim my AP 
government credit from high school, I need to take this test. Yes, I
have had over four years to do it and I haven't done it. I also need 
to transfer my credit for the other government course you need to have 
to graduate from my local community college where I took it the summer
after my freshmen year.

### What will you do next week?
Try to claim both government credits so I can remove that stress from my
life. Other than that, just business as usual for school.

### What's my experience of the class?
It's good so far. I'm really looking forward to learning the gritty 
details of python.

### Pick-of-the-week
I've organized an event with the Google recruiter assigned to UT this 
Tuesday at 6 PM in GDC 6.302. It will be a panel with a few engineers, 
including one that works on Google Daydream, their virtual reality 
product. RSVP [here](https://docs.google.com/a/utexas.edu/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeshbtrCU-jcdz1v0GvXPIqPvpC1s6TuNRUq9MV_26Ed9EIQg/viewform)!


