---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - 3/5/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
The usual TSBVI Coding Club stuff. We are at the point where the students have learned enough basic concepts to do non-trivial exercises like making a game that parses input from standard input and then does/says things. I'm very pleased with the progress the students are making. We also had our **first** girl join last week. She also happens to be the msot inquisitive high school student I have ever met. I had the SWE test on thursday. I ambitiously declared in my last blog that I was going to try and make the hero cheat sheet that everyone downloads before the test. Of course, this was the week my immune took a vacation and let the flu get in. I wasn't able to do more than an hour of work on Wednesday and I woke up at 3 AM on Thursday and had a **102.5** degree fever. Yikes. The fever was defeated by 30 hours of carefully timed doses of Theraflu and NyQuil, so I was feeling *ok* during the test. Not an ideal lead up to, but I was pleased with how I did on the test. 

### What's in your way?
My TSBVI Coding Club members are super flaky. Other than that, life is pretty nice right now.

### What will you do next week?
More Coding Club stuff. I also have a test in wireless networks and intro to computer security on Thursday. I'm optimistic that both will be on the easy side and not require to much effort. There is also an intro to security project due by friday night. Professor Young has assured us that he thinks this one is particularly easy.

### What's my experience of the class?
I was not expecting that format for the test. I've taken OOP and I was expecting it to be similar to those test in that it's mostly implementation questions. I was initially very crtiical of this new format, but I've come around after taking a step back. I like it because it covered most of the readings, with each being given equal weight as opposed to just one or two questions about two of 8-10 readings assigned. It also allowed for questions to be asked about all of the intracicies of python that we spend a considerable chunk of class time learning about while still testing us over implementation questions. I tink this test is a more fair repersentation of everything we do in this class.

### Pick-of-the-week
This week I read [The mythical 10x programmer](http://antirez.com/news/112). It's a quick read that goes into what the author thinks are the  simple reasons why some programmers are more effecient than others. My summary of it is...
- Know how to do the simple things that show up often
- Recongnize similarities that the problems you've solved have with the one you are working on
- Focus when you are at work and take care of your body
- Poor design can cauase a waterfall effect of problems down the line
- Don't be a perfectionist
- Theory and low level understanding are good things
- Fix yours bugs quickly, or, better yet, avoid writing code that is buggy
