---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - 4/2/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
I spent quite a bit of time preparing for the Intro to Docker talk I gave on Tuesday and preparing materials for the TSBVI Coding Club. I also did something fun for Professor Norman by helping her TA's prepare to do PintOS Design Document interviews. She wanted them to practice for less prepared students by interviewing people who took the class a while ago. Obviously the questions were hard and I didn't remember much, but it was fun to see the PintOS code that my friends and I wrote two years ago. I also attended the Atlassian talk, which I enjoyed quite a bit. The presenters were animated and personable and it was a nice blend of walking us through a very technical problem they solved a while ago and more soft stuff like what their office is like and one of the presenters experiences being a women in a male dominated workplace.

### What's in your way?
Five. More. Weeks.

### What will you do next week?
My group hasn't done much work on our IDB site. We are all optimistic that it shouldn't be to bad. Most of this phase is just refining decisions you've made and creating and hosting a database. My responsibility is to figure out how to host the database and allow our deployed app to access it, and I'm pretty sure I've got it figured out.

### What's my experience of the class?
This week was a little dry. Regular Expressions are useful. XML and database stuff is not that exciting to me. My personal experiences with XML have been mostly painful.

### Pick-of-the-week
(How I wrote a programming language, and how you can too)[https://medium.com/@william01110111/the-programming-language-pipeline-91d3f449c919] has a pretty self explanatory title. I've taken compilers here at UT which actually entailed writing a lisp interpreter. This blarticle does a good job explaining the the different steps compilers and interpreters take to turn our text files into machine code.
