---
layout: post
title: Week 8 - 3/12/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
Lots of studying and meetings! My SWE group met twice and we were able to roughly divide up responsibilities and also set a good tone of how we are going to collaborate. I had a wireless networks test and an intro to security test. The wiresless test was a bit silly because we were allowed a *five page, double sided, typed* cheat sheet. I spent around 8-10 hours making a cheat sheet that I thought contained a summary of all of the lecture material we went over along with all of the quiz, homework, and old test questions I could find. It was tedious, but I felt like there was no way I could fail if I put this type of preperation into the test. Besides the cheat sheet, I spent about an hour making sure I knew how to do all of the math type questions. The result of this sillyness was the test feeling very easy. After the outroar on piazza immediately following the test, it seems like I had an easier time than most people. My security test was 4.5 hours after my wireless test and this was the only time I had to study. I felt good about it when I finished and my grade reflected that. After both test, it was time to start my security project which was due the following day. It only took a couple of hours and ended up being a lot of fun. The project was to immplement a steganography encoding for encryption and decryption of messages to/from lossless picture files. 

### What's in your way?
I need to start putting in some effort to getting current responsibility for the project done. This includes travis integration, making a useful makefile, and unit test! Everyone in our group is also committed to understanding the underlying technology for flask and AWS.

### What will you do next week?
I'm visiting my sister in Houston for the first half of the break. I'm also flying to D.C. on Wednesday to visit my brother. I have only been to D.C. one other time when I was in junior high. Times have changed and now I'm excited to do the touristy things like the monuments and museums.

### What's my experience of the class?
The quizzes kicked my butt this week.

### Pick-of-the-week
Bored over the break and want a quick side project? We just had to do a [seganography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography) assignment in my intro to security class. [Bill Young's webpage](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~byoung/cs361/assignment-steg-zhao.html) gives the details of a simple encoding to implemnet. It's not *that* challenging but is a nice gateway into some other encoding projects.
