---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - 4/9/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week was a lot of working on the IDB project. My group suffered from a couple different things that made our week way worse. Foremost would be good'ol procrastination. We didn't really do any concrete work together until the Thursday or Friday a week before the next phase was due, so we limited ourselves to only having 6-7 days to do work. Normally this would be ok, but when combined with our next biggest mistake, not understanding the project requirements and the ramifications of those requirements, we played ourselves! As we came to understand the day before the project was due, Angular 2 and React cannot just be added into our front-end and utilized for things like filtering and sorting. Using them would require a complete re-write of our front-end using frameworks that nobody in our group had used before. This realization sent us into panic mode and ruined the whole week. If we had started earlier we probably would have realized the changes that we would need to make to our front-end.

### What's in your way?
We still have to port our project to either Angular or React. I'm also feeling sick again :(

### What will you do next week?
I've got a higher than normal work/obligation load. I have work to do in all of my classes and quite a few things to do for clubs and stuff.

### What's my experience of the class?
I didn't like this phase of the project. The workload was significantly higher than the first phase along with it requiring you to re-write or undo most of the work that was done in the first phase.

### Pick-of-the-week
Are you nothing like me and like to live on the bleeding edge of the c++ programming language? Then the (Changes between c++14 and c++17)[https://isocpp.org/files/papers/p0636r0.html] is the article for you! But really, it was fun reading this after taking OOP (poorly) and seeing just little of c++ we got into.
