---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - 4/23/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week mostly consisted of my group trying to finish all of the project requirements for the IDB project. It was nerve racking leading up to the due date because we had all worked pretty hard on our assigned parts, but most of it was unfinished and not incorporated together. The end result of all this is a website that mostly does exactly what we want it to. I think the biggest challenge for our group was using react and getting pagination working, especially when their are filters involved. No one on our team had used react before so we all learned a little bit of it.

### What's in your way?
This week should be pretty relaxed. The only major deliverable I have is finishing the final intro to security project and taking care of post graduate moving stuff.

### What will you do next week?
As I mentioned, I've got to finish the intro to security project where we are writing what will probably be an incredibly inefficient password cracker. I also would like to try and get started preparing for all of my final exams next week by just doing a little bit of work each day. I've set myself up pretty well in all my classes so I can get extremely low grades on these test and still pass the class (yes, that is the priority right now.) I'm happy that SWE is one of those classes where I should just be able to relax :)

### What's my experience of the class?
Learning about some design patterns has been nice. I think it's something that will be helpful in the real world after graduation. I've also enjoyed learning about the different behavior that Java and Python have in respect to dynamic binding and inheritance.

### Pick-of-the-week
[The Story of Getting SSH Port 22](https://www.ssh.com/ssh/port) is a super short and funny read about how ssh got assigned port 22 by IANA, the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority. To me, the moral is that it can't hurt to ask. The article also touches on some other interesting things like RFC's and the IANA. It easy to overlook the incredible amount of standardization and organization that it required from these groups, like IANA and ICANN, that make the internet happen.
