---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - 2/19/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I turned in Netflix after making some minor adjustments 
to make sure that we fully satisfied the spec. I mentioned in my last 
blog that I had a wireless networks quiz coming up. I studied my butt 
off for it trying to make sure that I knew every concept from the 
slides, and I think I did a pretty good job of it, too. Unfortunately
I was undone by none other than Dijkstra. Fifty percent of the quiz
grade was working through an example of the application of 
dijkstra's algorithm. We did go over it class one day, but I did not 
pay enough attention. The only other times I have used the algorithm 
were for showing that it has the time complexity it does for an 
algorithms homework, once in data structures, and that's it. T'was 
a sad morning for me :(

Other than that, I did a lot of reading a resting. I was recovering 
from a cold, and one of my nyquil induced sleeps caused me to miss 
a SWE lecture, which was extremely frustrating since my max grade 
has declined by half a point because of it. 

### What's in your way?
Not much for this week. I have an intro to computer security project
due by Friday night.

### What will you do next week?
A big focus for this week is to get the 
TSBVI Coding Club more organized and to start preparing for the 
SWE exam, which is a week from Thursday. I have some huge success
and some devestating failures on OOP exams. In my experience,
simply looking over a file or two a day form his GitHub repo 
will help out immensly.

### What's my experience of the class?
As I mentioned, I missed the Wednesday lecture thanks to over 
sleeping. I really liked learning about these one liner functions 
like map, zip, and generators in general.

### Pick-of-the-week
Ahhh. One sure to please Professor Downing. [This article](https://codeahoy.com/2017/02/17/testers-make-software-teams-highly-productive/)
is about how valuable having good test and tester can be to a software team.
