---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - 2/5/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was pretty fun. All of my classes seem like they 
are going to be interesting. I spent far to long working on turning
in Collatz, which was pretty frustrating and felt like a waste of time.
We also had our first wireless networks quiz and it seems like I am
going to have to start studying more for that class :P MADcon also 
happened this weekend and it went off mostly without any issues. It's
a very inspiring event and I was proud to have taken part in 
putting it on. I was also able to recruit a bunch of volunteers for 
the cloding club I run at the Texas School for the Blind and Visually 
Impaired, which kicks off this Tuesday!

### What's in your way?
The TSBVI coding club starting up is going to be a sizable time 
commitment for me but I'm looking forward to the challenge.

### What will you do next week?
I've got a wireless networks homework due on Tuesday that has a few hard 
questions on it that will require some time. I was going to have a deadline
in my online business ethics and law class on monday night, but apparently
the online textbook broke over the weekend, so the deadline has been 
extended indefinitely! As I already mentioned, the TSBVI coding club is
kicking off on Tuesday. I also have my first computer security project 
due on friday, but it seems like relearning how to write java code 
will be the hardest part. I also hope that I can get a nice and early 
start on Netflix with my way cool partner!

### What's my experience of the class?
The project was frustrating. It did make it more bearable knowing that 
half of our points came from simply passing the hackerrank submission, 
but it's still sad thinking about how much time was spent on non coding 
things like re-writing github issues. I also did not like finding out the day
before that relying solely on the meta-cache, which can be used to pass 
all of the hackerrank test, woudl lose us points when graded. I was ready 
to turn everything and then I had to go back and change my code.

### Pick-of-the-week
I posted [this](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2017/01/who-is-anna-senpai-the-mirai-worm-author/) 
last week and there was another interesting [follow up](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2017/02/how-google-took-on-mirai-krebsonsecurity/) on how Krebs was 
to protect his site from the DDoS thanks to google.
