---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - 4/30/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was a lot of finishing up the last couple assignments before my final exams. I didn't really do any studying for the software engineering final... which will be problematic for the upcoming week. I also had my last intro to security project due, and boy was it a frustrating one. We had to write a password cracker and it came with some annoying problems. It was difficult to balance trying harder word mangles that will crack more passwords with the exponential increase that it has on the search space. My iteration that cracked the most passwords took fourteen minutes with the recommended time being five. The solutions I ended up turning cracked most, but not all, of the passwords in just under two minutes.

### What's in your way?
Soooo many test. I have three exams on Thursday that are the "final", or last grade in the class, on Thursday and another one on Friday. Fortunately, that means I will be done with college come Friday night!! Any other week in college and I would probably be freaking out, but I've worked hard this semester and have put myself in a position in all of these classes that I either would still pass without taking the final or only needing between a 20-40%.

### What will you do next week?
As mentioned above, it will mostly consist of studying so that I can finish out my undergraduate career.

### What's my experience of the class?
I've really enjoyed the past two week of class where we have gotten to learn about design patterns. I was unknowingly exposed to a lot of these at my last internship, but I didn't appreciate what I was looking at.

### Pick-of-the-week
I've recently discovered the gem that is [Wait But Why](http://waitbutwhy.com). The site consist of very long articles that vary in subject matter and are focused on ambitious or unusual things. I've already wasted so much study time here :(
