---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - 2/12/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This was a productive week. My partner were pretty much done with the 
Netflix project by Wednesday afternoon. I was able to finish my intro 
to computer security project without any trouble. I had both the 
Tuesday and Thursday section of the Texas School for the Blind and Visually
Impaired Coding Club. They both went very well thanks to a program 
called Sodbeans that we just started using. It's a version of Netbeans 
that has been modified to be very accessible to the visually impaired, 
and it works great! Lastly, I demolished my online Business Ethics 
and Law class. Unrelated to school, I finished watching The Crown on 
Netflix, the service, and have begun watching all of Friends.

### What's in your way?
I got a cold on Friday and it's dragging me down. Things seemed to be going
so well, too. 

### What will you do next week?
There will be more TSBVI Coding Club and turning in Netflix by Thursday. 
I also have a wireless networks quiz on Tuesday that is going to require 
some careful study of the network layer of the OSI model.

### What's my experience of the class?
I thought Netflix was not a very good project. My partner and I spent the 
majority of our time working on the caches and trying to make them samller.
Two of our caches, the probe results and the customer average ratings, were 
accepted to the public repo as an exception to the 1 MB rule. This means that 
nobody else in our class will get to add their own caches and will be forced 
to use ours for the basic algorithm to get the a .97 RMSE. I thought it was fun 
working on the cache and I learned a lot about python... literal type byte sizes,
the size of dictionaries (140 bytes!), and changing some default setting on the 
pickle dumping to make the serialized objects smaller. I think it was a 
worthwhile experience and something that should have been required of 
everyone, or atleast incentivized in some way.

### Pick-of-the-week
This is just turning into the place where I post the most interesting 
article I saw on /r/programming this week. I read [this blog post](https://blog.plan99.net/modern-garbage-collection-911ef4f8bd8e#.gl7vrljsx)
about comments the developers of Google's Go programming language made 
about Go's garbage collector. It's a nice, length, and educational read :)