---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - 4/16/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week was sad. I had a couple of these 4-6 hours stretches where I had plenty of things to work on and I would sit down to do them, try to work diligently, and at the end of the stretch, I would be completely disappointed with how much work I had done. The main problem at hand is trying to figure out how to host our website. For the previous two phases we used the Google Cloud App Engine Flex which took care of a lot of the difficulties of hosting a flask app. Now that we've added react and node stuff to our project, we are forced to use an alternative tool in the Google Cloud Platform. Which is most likely going to be a standard vm where I would ssh into and turn it into a server or deploy some docker image on to it. It seems like such an intimidating task to me, but there is no way around it other than sitting down and doing some reading and testing.

This week was by far the worst week for ever for me in terms of my quiz grades.

### What's in your way?
Phase three is due this Thursday and then we will be done with this project! Woot Woot! That also means that the hosting problem has to be solved or my group is going to not be very happy with me.

### What will you do next week?
I think most of my working time is going to be devoted to figuring out how to run a server on a arbitrary google cloud machine. I've determined that it's going to involve using Nginx, which I know nothing about. The documentation seems to assume that the people reading about how to use it have used other tools prior. Not the case with me. L

### What's my experience of the class?
I wasn't a fan of this weeks lectures or quizzes. The first quiz we had over the Fowler reading was particularly frustrating since the majority of it was over the multiplicity's of the classes. I did the reading and learned some useful tips for refactoring, which I'm sure will be valuable at some point in my career. Great! It's an assigned reading success! I think it would be more beneficial (maybe not that much in the grand scheme of anything) if the quiz was over some of the themes or main ideas of the readings and not a diagram on one of the first pages of the reading.

### Pick-of-the-week
Project Giving Tree is hosting the UTCS Senior Sendoff this Wednesday from 5:30-8:30! There will be FREE food, arcade games, lots of friends, and some of your favorite professors! [Project Giving Tree](https://hornraiser.utexas.edu/project/5552)!
