---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - 1/29/17
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was an easy and productive one. I'm starting
to get into the groove of how my classes are going to go and the 
amount of work that will be required of me to succeed. My first 
wireless networks homework was due this week and it wasn't to much
work to complete. Intro to computer security is a "blended" class,
something I've never had before. If you are unfamiliar, a blended class 
is one where most of what would be considered lecture material is 
available, and expected to be viewed, at home and class time is 
meant to be used for questions and concerns. In SWE, I started and 
pretty much finished the first project. I'm also taking a business 
law and ethics class, which will probably be as fun as one would 
expect it to be. 

### What's in your way?
I think I've developed a coffee addiction.

### What will you do next week?
I've got some intro to computer security videos to watch and some 
wireless network notes to review for out first in class quiz on Tuesday.
I also need to finish up the last few steps of the workflow for Collatz.
I also have quite a bit of work to do for my UTCS Outreach Program at 
The Texas School for the Blind and Visually impaired, where I am in 
charge of an after shcool coding club. 

### What's my experience of the class?
Python seems nice. So far the class seems extremely similar to OOP, which
I just finished up last semester. One of my fellow classmates thought 
the articles we were required to read felt irrelevant to him, who, like
me, is on his last semester of undergrad. The articles focused on 
making the most of college and related themes. It would be cool if classes
that lower classmen can actually get into would stress things like this.

### Pick-of-the-week
Check out [this](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2017/01/who-is-anna-senpai-the-mirai-worm-author/)
fantastic article on how an inestigative journalist, Brian Krebs, 
uncovered the identity of the author of a very malicious worm that 
targets IoT devices. 

